there's a variety of options out there to transfer a change your duty
if your family needs to person you need to do is just communicate that
up your chain of command and let him know that based on your situation
you think it be best if you were to move your duty station from
point a to point B. also look and see what programs out there available
currently for example there happens to be one that's currently
in play that if you happen to have a child who is currently in high
school and is at least two years away from graduating you can apply
for this and have admin and thirteen oh six gets put into your detail
or where you can stay within the same geographical region so that
way your student is going to become a senior in high school isn't having
to move from that high school which can disrupt the ability for
them to graduate so you kind of have to do a little bit of a guest
investigative work and see what programs are out there which best suits
your family situation and needs and if you have to apply for those
apply form but the biggest thing is communicate that with your chain
of command and communicate that with your detailer placement coordinator
to hopefully make those changes happen in your favor